q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
a: It removes identical rows so it makes it a lot easyer to disdict differences between few rows

q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
a: You can see old bugs and fixes, so as comment for each fix.
   You can also try prevent from doing the same mistakes
   You also can go back to previous version if you did a big mistake and you are no sure how to fix it

q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
   vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
a: pros - logic, flexiable, no waste
   cons - you can forget, different people have different approach

q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
   like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
a: logic change in a code project usualy involves several files while documents usually involves one file.

q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
a: use the git log to see history of changes and comments for each change.
   you can also see dates and time so you can go to the specific time you thinks something bad has happend.
   The you can use git diff to see changes and or eather aprrove them and continue looking for problematic change,
   or detect the problematic change.
   
q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
a: Using version control makes me more confident to make changes that could break something
   by that I know that if I will brake anything important and it would be hard for 
   me to find the bug , I could always checkout to the previous version which the bug will disapear.

q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
a: start developping android projects




